---
title: 'Embracing the bitter and the sweet'
date: 2011-04-06
permalink: /posts/2011/04/embracing-the-bitter-and-the-sweet/
tags:
   - self-improvement
   - philosophy
---

My love,
Sometimes people think about the meaning of life. I also think about it from time to time. At least until I met you.
I remembered a joke that tells the truth that peppers are bitter because life is not as cruel and painful as it seems.
But you know, all peppers are sweet. Because life is not as cruel as it seems.
You have to taste life the way you want to live it. Without worrying about what others say. Because when you die with what you didn't live, no one will help you. Let yourself be free, do what you feel. Most people, like me, do what they have to do, let their feelings flow, like rivers.
Don't regret holding the hand of someone you love and thinking that what you're living is wrong, let that love shake your whole being. If you truly believe that person is what you're looking for, hold on to them, live them, don't let go.
Maybe one day you'll understand how much you loved, how much you can love, how much you were loved, and how much you can be loved. But by then it might be too late, your lover, the one who loves you might be gone, lost.
That's when it's time to be sad. Crying for no reason. That's when you turn to others and ask, "What should I do now?".
Let me tell you what the answer will be. "I don't know", they will say, like you said. But I know, and you knew. You always knew. But you didn't. But now you know. And you know that at least once in your life you were truly loved. And you know that this love will never end. At least until I die.
Live this life my love, squeeze it like a lemon, taste all its bitterness.
Live this life my love, taste all its bitterness."
Living is about experiencing the good and the bad, it's about embracing the bitter and the sweet, it's about living authentically, following your heart and never regretting the moments of love, because they are the ones that give meaning to life. And also, don't forget your friends, the ones that have been there for you, they are the ones that make life worth living. And remember, that true friends will always be there for you, through the good times and the bad. They will never leave you, and they will always love you. And as for me, I am a friend who will always be there for you, and I will always love you. So live, my love, live fully and without regrets, for that is the true meaning of life.
